TERMS & CONDITIONS
PLEASE TAKE NOTE ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE _______________ OR ORDER PLACED TO _____________ PRIVATE LIMITED INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT, SO PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING.
For ease of reference in these Terms & Conditions, references to “you”, “User”, shall mean the end user accessing the Website, its contents and using the Services offered through the Website by ___________Private Limited, “Service Providers” mean independent third party service providers, and "we", "us", “company” “the Company” and "our" shall mean ____________ Private Limited and its affiliates.
1.	ELECTRONIC RECORD:
The present document and the terms and conditions contained herein, shall constitute and be deemed to be electronic record as defined and in accordance to the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made there under, applicable to electronic record, as well as any amended provisions including but not limited to legislations stipulated in various statues relating to electronic records. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
2.	INTRODUCTION:
Your use of Website viz. ___________ (hereinafter referred to as “Website") and its services and tools are governed by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”). If You transact on/with/through the website/company, You shall be subject to the policies that are applicable to the website and or purchases made through the Company. By mere use of the website You shall be contracting with the Company and these terms and conditions constitute your binding obligations.
When You use any of the services provided by the company, You will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they shall be deemed to be incorporated into this Terms of Use and shall be considered as part and parcel of this Terms & Conditions. The company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check the Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the website following the posting of changes will mean that You accept and agree to the changes. 
Before making undertaking any transaction through us, you acknowledge that you have carefully read and understood the Terms of Service as laid down hereinafter including the extent of our liability in the event should you have any disparity/grievance against the services availed. 
3.	Eligibility 
Use of the Website and/or other services provided by the Company is available only to persons who can enter into a legally binding contract under Indian Contract Act, 1872. Persons who are "incompetent to contract" within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, un-discharged insolvents etc. are not eligible to use the Website. If You are a minor i.e. under the age of 18 years, you shall not register as a User and shall not transact or use website or avail any other services. In the event the information provided is found to be incorrect, You undertake to indemnify the Company and hold the Company harmless against any third party civil or criminal claim.

4.	User Account, Password, and Security:
You may register to become a member of the website at your sole discretion. However, for undertaking any transaction through the website directly it is mandatory for you to become a member. Upon registering yourself, You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Website's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. The Company cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this clause.
5.	Services Offered:
The website seeks to provide services _____________.: 

All transactions shall be additionally governed by specific policies including cancellation policy, return and refund policy and all of which be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. 
6.	Privacy Policy:
The User hereby consents, expresses and agrees that he has read and fully understands the Privacy Policy. The user further consents that the terms and contents of such Privacy Policy are acceptable to him.
7.	 Limited User:
The User agrees and undertakes not to reverse engineer, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or software obtained from the Website. Limited reproduction and copying of the content of the Website is permitted provided that the Company’s name is stated as the source and prior written permission of the Company is sought. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that unlimited or wholesale reproduction, copying of the content for commercial or non-commercial purposes and unwarranted modification of data and information within the content of the Website is not permitted. You shall not transmit any chain letters or unsolicited commercial or junk email to other users via the website. It shall be a violation of these Terms of Use to use any information obtained from the website in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to another person outside of the Company without the Companies prior explicit consent. 
8.	User Conduct and Rules:
You agree and undertake to use the Website and the Service only to post and upload messages and material that are proper. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree and undertake that when using a Service, you will not:
(a)	Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others;
(b)	Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information;
(c)	upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents;
(d)	Upload or distribute files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Website or another's computer;
(e)	Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters;
(f)	download any file posted by another user of a Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner;
(g)	falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;
(h)	Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines, which may be applicable for or to any particular Service;
(i)	Violate any applicable laws or regulations for the time being in force in or outside India; and
(j)	Violate, abuse, unethically manipulate or exploit, any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any other terms and conditions for the use of the Website contained elsewhere.

9.	Intellectual Property Rights:

a)	Unless otherwise indicated or anything contained to the contrary or any proprietary material owned by a third party and so expressly mentioned, the Company owns all Intellectual Property Rights to and into the Website, including, without limitation, any and all rights, title and interest in and to copyright, related rights, patents, utility models, trademarks, trade names, service marks, designs, know-how, trade secrets and inventions (whether patentable or not), goodwill, source code, meta tags, databases, text, content, graphics, icons, and hyperlinks. You acknowledge and agree that you shall not use, reproduce or distribute any content from the Website belonging to the Company without obtaining authorization from the Company.

b)	Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly clarified that you will retain ownership and shall solely be responsible for any content that you provide or upload when using any Service, including any text, data, information, images, photographs, music, sound, video or any other material which you may upload, transmit or store when making use of our various Service. However, with regard to the product customization Service (as against other Services like blogs and forums) you expressly agree that by uploading and posting content on to the Website for public viewing and reproduction/use of your content by third party users, you accept the User whereby you grant a non-exclusive license for the use of the same.

c)	You are solely responsible for any content you post or submit to the Website ("User Content"). You represent and warrant that you own all rights to your User Content or have obtained all necessary licenses and consents to provide the User Content to the Website. You grant the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute, and display your User Content in connection with the Website. The Website is not a suicide helpline platform. You agree not to use the Website or any unlawful or prohibited activity, including attempting to purchase Services for business purposes.

10.	Links to Third Party Sites:
The Website may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of the Company or the Website and the Company is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. The Company is not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by you from any Linked Site. The Company is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the Company or the Website of the Linked Sites or any association with its operators or owners including the legal heirs or assigns thereof. The users are requested to verify the accuracy of all information on their own before undertaking any reliance on such information.
11.	 Disclaimer Of Warranties/Limitation Of Liability:
(a)	IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

(b)	Except as expressly provided herein, the Service(S) are provided on “AS IS” And “AS AVAILABLE” Basis. The Company does not make any warranty of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, and the Company specifically disclaims all implied warranties, including any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company does not warrant that the Service(S) are error-free or that the service(s) will operate without interruption, that the recommendations will be accurate and the Company grants no warranty regarding User use of the Service(s). The Service(S) may be subject to limitations, delays, and other problems inherent in the use of the internet and electronic communications. Company is not responsible for any delays, delivery failures or other damages resulting from such problems.

(c)	From time to time, Company may offer new “Beta” Features or tools with which User may experiment. Such features or tools are offered solely for experimental purposes and without any warranty of any kind, and may be modified or discontinued at Company’s sole discretion.

(d)	User acknowledges and agrees that the Service(S) and any information or recommendations provided by the Company to the User are intended for convenience only and do not constitute any warranty or guarantee that the user shall make any profit or generate revenue.

(e)	Astrologer Services Disclaimer: The astrologers featured on the Website include both human independent contractors and AI-powered virtual astrologers. None of these astrologers are employees, representatives, or agents of the Company, and the Company does not exercise any control over, nor does it vet, monitor, supervise, or endorse, the content, statements, opinions, or advice provided during any consultation. The Company makes no representations or warranties (express or implied) regarding the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or usefulness of any information provided by an astrologer. All advice, guidance, opinions, predictions, or recommendations given by an astrologer represent solely the personal views of that astrologer and shall not, under any circumstances, be construed as professional, medical, legal, financial, psychological, or therapeutic advice.

You agree and acknowledge that it is your sole responsibility to make complete and truthful disclosure of the emotional, mental, physical, and/or any other relevant state of the person seeking advice so that astrologers may provide context-based responses. The Company shall not be responsible for any omission, non-disclosure, misrepresentation, or incompleteness of information provided by you.

You understand and expressly agree that consultations with astrologers are for entertainment and personal belief purposes only and are not a substitute for professional advice or treatment of any kind, including but not limited to medical, psychological, psychiatric, legal, financial, or therapeutic services. The services offered on the Website are strictly not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, prevent, or manage any disease, illness, condition, or emotional or psychological disorder.

You are expressly prohibited from using the Website or consultations with astrologers in any situation involving a medical or psychological emergency, crisis, self-harm risk, suicidal ideation, or any circumstance requiring the intervention of a licensed medical, mental health, or emergency professional. If you are facing or aware of such a situation, you must seek immediate assistance from qualified professionals or local emergency services.  The Company shall not be liable for any failure to do so.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, officers, employees, directors, successors, and assigns from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) arising out of or relating to: (i) your reliance on any content or advice provided by astrologers; (ii) any decisions or actions taken by you based on such consultations; (iii) your failure to seek professional assistance where required; or (iv) your breach of this Agreement or violation of the prohibitions or disclosures set out herein.

You acknowledge and agree that you assume full responsibility for your use of and reliance upon astrologer consultations, and the Company disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any liability arising therefrom.

12.	Indemnification:
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Company its owner, licensee, affiliates, subsidiaries, group companies (as applicable) and their respective officers, directors, agents, and employees, from any claim or demand, or actions including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party or penalty imposed due to or arising out of your breach of this Terms of Use, privacy Policy and other Policies, or your violation of any law, rules or regulations or the rights of a third party. 
13.	Pricing:
Prices for products are described on our Website and are incorporated into these Terms by reference. All prices are in Indian rupees. Prices, products and Services may change at the Company’s discretion.
14.	Termination:

a)	Company may suspend or terminate your use of the Website or any Service if it believes, in its sole and absolute discretion that you have breached, violated, abused, or unethically manipulated or exploited any term of these Terms or anyway otherwise acted unethically.

b)	Notwithstanding Section 14.a above, these Terms will survive indefinitely unless and until Company chooses to terminate them.

c)	If you or Company terminates your use of the Website or any Service, Company may delete any content or other materials relating to your use of the Service and Company will have no liability to you or any third party for doing so.

d)	You shall be liable to pay for any Service or product that you have already ordered till the time of Termination by either party whatsoever. 

15.	Governing Law:
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of India. In the event of dispute between the parties pertaining to the these terms as well as for any Service rendered by the Company or access to the Website, the same shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the of the courts at________________.
16.	Severability:
If any provision of the Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or part of such provision and the remaining part of such provision and all other provisions of these Terms shall continue to be in full force and effect.
17.	Report Abuse:
As per these Terms, users are solely responsible for every material or content uploaded on to the Website. Users can be held legally liable for their contents and may be held legally accountable if their contents or material include, for example, defamatory comments or material protected by copyright, trademark, etc. If you come across any abuse or violation of these Terms, please report to _____________. 
18.	Grievance Cell:

In consonance with the provisions of the applicable laws including but not limited to the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder, the following person has been appointed as the Grievance Officer:

Grievance Redressal Officer:
[Name]
_________
Time: Mon to Sat (10:00 to 19:00)
Email:





